# Creepypastas
This is a collection of multiple Internet "creepypastas".

# What are creepypastas?
A creepypasta is a horror-related legend which has been shared around the Internet. Creepypasta has since become a catch-all term for any horror content posted onto the Internet. These entries are often brief, user-generated, paranormal stories intended to scare readers. The subject of creepypasta varies widely and can include topics such as ghosts, murder, [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LuaGunsX/Creepypastas/main/Lost%20Episodes%20/Squidward's%20Suicide suicide], zombies, rituals to summon paranormal entities and [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LuaGunsX/Creepypastas/main/Lost%20Episodes%20/Candle%20Cove haunted television shows] and video games. Creepypastas range in length from a single paragraph to lengthy, multi-part series that can span multiple media types. Creepypasta is a portmanteau of the words creepy and copypasta; the term was coined on the imageboard 4chan around 2007. Copypasta denotes viral, copied and pasted text; this term was coined on 4chan around 2006.

# Types of Creepypasta
## Lost Episodes
Lost episode creepypasta describes supposed television episodes, typically kids' shows, that were either never aired or removed from syndication due to their violent and grotesque content. These supposedly lost episodes often focus on suicide or imply the viewer will suffer great harm. Some lost episode creepypastas focus on local public access shows rather than nationally syndicated shows. Notable examples include [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LuaGunsX/Creepypastas/main/Lost%20Episodes%20/Squidward's%20Suicide Squidward's Suicide], Suicidemouse.avi, Dead Bart, and [https://github.com/LuaGunsX/Creepypastas/blob/main/Lost%20Episodes%20/Max%20and%20Ruby%200004 Max and Ruby 0004]. There are, however, actual instances of cartoon episodes being pulled off or banned from broadcast due to the episode's content being inappropriate for kids; for example, a Dexter's Laboratory episode, titled "Rude Removal", was never aired due to the episode featuring severe swearing. Another example is the original version of the Teletubbies episode "The Bear and the Lion", which was pulled off from further broadcast due to criticism for its unsettling cinematography, character design, and music. A SpongeBob SquarePants episode, titled "SpongeBob in RandomLand", had to re-edit a scene that referred to the [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LuaGunsX/Creepypastas/main/Lost%20Episodes%20/Squidward's%20Suicide Squidward's Suicide] creepypasta.
